How to eat? This is not a meal.
Why aren't you full? What? It's just cold.
Try one. Forget it.
Try one. Try one. Try one. Try one. Try one. Try one. Try one. Try one. Try one. Try one. Try one. Try one. Try one. taste
one. Try one. Try one. Try one. Try one. Try one. Try one. Try one. Try one. Try one. taste
one. Try one. Try one.
Try one. Try one.
Try one. Try one. Try one. Try one.
Try one. Try one. Try one. Try one. Try one. Try one. Try one. Try one. Try one. Try one. taste one
Go home quickly
Because it’s time for your father to say it again
What are you stupid about?
Go home. Just got back.
Let me stay a little longer
After a while, your father said again, hurry up, don’t save me.
I don’t want to save us myself